This is the altar I prepared for you
Do you like it? Let a lamb to the slaughter see
To cook his name
That's very generous of you.
Look at you in only 9 months
For the sake of the peak of the refining of the Sky Demon Chapter
Not only do I not blame you
And I will reward you
Three days later
Han Yang arrived at the foot of the gate of Xuanyi Dao Palace
I promise that you and your wife will be buried together here
Is it a great favor?
Brother Yang is here
He only spent 9 months
From a waste to a muscle and bone essence
What if ordinary people met you?
I'm afraid I'll let you go. What about you?
The old body will not
Your skull
I want to decide
Forbidden Ancient Realm
Liju Qijing is just a first-line guest
The most critical
It's a suggestion
Just a trace
A common suggestion can be brewed
Danqing
Can you stop my sword
Young Sect Master
30 miles ahead is the Cliff Dao Palace Gate
I'm afraid I can't
You can go back to the original door by yourself first, right?
The altar has become
extra room
start
Hahahahahaha
Hahahahahahaha Xiaojun
I'm here to take you home